good morning I cannot quite reach the
words to describe the tremendous pride I
feel standing before you as the US
ambassador to the United Nations this is
an institution that is fundamentally
committed to the realization of human
rights and human freedom around the
world and I am so very pleased to be in
New York working to advance that noble
mission within all the official world of
high politics there is always the
personal earlier this morning I
presented my credentials to
secretary-general Gutierrez a man who is
a very wise and visionary steward of
this global body I am so very grateful
to him for his insightful leadership and
eagerly anticipate working with him to
bring a freer more prosperous world for
all people I also wished to express my
extraordinary gratitude for the bold
leadership of President Trump it is a
profound personal honor to hold the
president's confidence and this is a
confidence I will seek to maintain and
grow as I continue to convey the it
reinvigorated policies of this
administration to the Security Council
and to the UN as a whole I come to the
United Nations not only as the
president's emissary but also as a voice
of America's unwavering commitment to
democracy freedom human rights and
whenever possible the peaceful
resolution of conflicts in a world
marked by humanitarian crisis the
geopolitical challenges strong American
leadership is absolutely critical and I
intend to provide it I will defend
America's values and interest I will
stand by our friends and allies I will
advocate for the poor and the weak and I
will never fail to work with those who
genuinely wish to advance the cause of
human dignity as my tenure of ambassador
commences I wish to express my gratitude
to
in my family for the wisdom and guidance
they have provided in my time as a
public servant as the 74th session of
the General Assembly approaches I look
forward to engaging the challenges ahead
along with the staff of the US mission
rising to meet them thank you very much
thank you